some of the tools you're going to find
invaluable when growing garlic or just
about anything is the garden fork just
seen excellent for turning the soil over
or harvesting the garlic you're going to
use that or incorporating the cover crop
rake you're smoothing the bed out
incorporating cover crop seed just
giving you a nice surface to plant on to
the hoe collinear ho so what I like to
use is very small blade but it allows
you to work standing up the long handle
you just slice the roots when they're
young the earlier you can get weeds
before you see them even the quick
cultivating a lot easier than pulling
out big leads later and another thing I
like to use especially in the garlic
where the rows are close together is
what I call a little bo-peep but sure it
has some other name but it's nice for
going down the row I use it to mark out
the rows so that I can plant in straight
rows then you come back later and it's
great for getting in between there and
then in between the plant after the
plant comes up and it goes nice and deep
it'll go eight inches deep just by
pulling also has a little
copper rivet it gradually wears off and
it adds a little bit of copper to your
soil which is a central micronutrient
just over time using it that wears off
and it provides but all the copper you
really need in your soil